Integer/UUID to bytes conversion (#6553)
edgedb/edgedb: docs/stdlib/bytes.rst

---------

.. eql:function:: std::to_bytes(s: str) -> bytes
                  std::to_bytes(val: int16) -> bytes
                  std::to_bytes(val: int32) -> bytes
                  std::to_bytes(val: int64) -> bytes
                  std::to_bytes(val: int64) -> bytes
                  std::to_bytes(val: uuid) -> bytes

    :index: encode stringencoder

    .. versionadded:: 4.0

    Converts a given value into binary representation as :eql:type:`bytes`.

    The strings get converted using UTF-8 encoding:

    .. code-block:: edgeql-repl

        db> select to_bytes('テキスト');
        {b'\xe3\x83\x86\xe3\x82\xad\xe3\x82\xb9\xe3\x83\x88'}

    The integer values are encoded as big-endian (most significant bit comes
    first) byte strings:

    .. code-block:: edgeql-repl

        db> select to_bytes(<int16>31);
        {b'\x00\x1f'}
        db> select to_bytes(<int32>31);
        {b'\x00\x00\x00\x1f'}
        db> select to_bytes(123456789123456789);
        {b'\x01\xb6\x9bK\xac\xd0_\x15'}

>     The UUID values are converted to the underlying 16-byte string:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The UUID values are converted to the underlying string of 16 bytes:
```

(otherwise one might think we are sending the string representation).
